Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Rhonda S: Yeah, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Are you hear me, I
Rhonda S: Can hear you. Pretty good.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, thank you so much for joining.
Rhonda S: This
Richelle Direny: Delayed
Rhonda S: A little bit.
Rhonda S: delayed a little bit
Rhonda S: Yeah you I can't hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well done. Okay, hold on.
Rhonda S: Okay.
Rhonda S: Yeah yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Um, do me a favor. Log off again come off and come back on and let me see if it's mine or yours or what's going on.
Richelle Direny: Do you have a headset in your ear.
Rhonda S: Just pitch late
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: Yeah. Do we take them out and try to
Richelle Direny: A way to be
Richelle Direny: I think it's your Bluetooth disconnect your Bluetooth.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's connect your
Rhonda S: Bluetooth. Do you have a booth.
Rhonda S: There.
Rhonda S: I guess connected them.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I might delay.
Rhonda S: No, no, it must be Diem
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it was.
Rhonda S: Nice Chase.
Richelle Direny: Okay, someone had on
Richelle Direny: A headset and headset was co creating a domain.
Rhonda S: Oh, yeah.
Rhonda S: And that might have been. What was wrong with this. The last time.
Rhonda S: When I was losing with that meet
Rhonda S: The group eliana alone delay.
Rhonda S: It could have been my booty.
Richelle Direny: But I'm
Richelle Direny: Not working router shot I might still delayed or it's
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but am I still delayed.
Richelle Direny: Delayed now.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So the thing is, I think, with the Bluetooth. It's based on the compatibility. Like, even though it works with your phone or whatever it is, what are your arm, your phone or your computer.
Rhonda S: And my phone.
Richelle Direny: Okay, it seems like I'm
Richelle Direny: Late because it seems to respond. It
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: Yeah, you're, you're
Rhonda S: being delighted here is that you're raising that to
Richelle Direny: Your phone
Richelle Direny: Okay, what about your Wi Fi.
Rhonda S: I don't have laughs
Rhonda S: I just had shade at data. I don't have that level data. I don't have laughs I
Richelle Direny: Will see if we get through this.
Rhonda S: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well let's see how we can get through this without cuz I don't know if it's
Richelle Direny: I don't know if it's me or if it's your connection. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: But I know yesterday, that was one issue is, it was
Richelle Direny: It was the wife. It was the Bluetooth that was causing it.
Richelle Direny: So how are you. Yeah, you're back home.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: Virtual clinic.
Rhonda S: They were freezing up to so
Rhonda S: There was a long delay in there's tags and it can't be my phone.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. If you when you were talking to them. And there was a delay, then it could be your connection.
Maybe, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because even with your connection. Sometimes you see your you like you freeze up for a second. So it could be your connection. But let's see.
Rhonda S: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let me pull your information.
Richelle Direny: I want to see if we had last time we spoke. If we talk about your goals and things we're going to work on.
Richelle Direny: Okay. The last time we spoke. Did you ever get the chance to speak with the doctor. I remember we were talking about the
Richelle Direny: One of your goal is, you were talking about maybe coming off of the Suboxone later. But then I said that if a lot of it is if it's to manage pain.
Richelle Direny: You know it's you have to get the evaluation and then you said that with the back pain, you would have to have surgery and you didn't because of the kind of surgery, you didn't want to do that surgery.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: Yeah, and I was up all night last night with my back hurt and you heard all day yesterday. I mean, I was in a lot of pain hurt really bad and not until bad as much this morning, but it is hurting and and there ain't much I can do about it.
Richelle Direny: So you just try to pretty much get through it. So what are some things that you do to try to manage the pain outside of the outside of the medication that
I'm
Rhonda S: Laying down or either you trying to walk in and stuff. But that's not it wasn't happen. Nothing was happening at all may not take the Gabba painting for the pain and it was a happen either
Rhonda S: I'll just deal with. I didn't go. I didn't actually get to go to sleep till probably about 430 this morning it was hurting so bad.
Richelle Direny: Now you said that you weren't where you open about and lifting things. What were you doing, maybe you you were doing some strange stuff throughout the day.
Rhonda S: When I know I wasn't doing anything. He just started hurting, and I was driving when it started hurting. And then when I got home where
Richelle Direny: Were you sitting. You said you're
Rhonda S: In for a little while. And that's probably what triggered a lot say when I was sitting for so long.
Richelle Direny: You were sitting for some time.
Rhonda S: Yeah. And if I sit for a while. It does. It does seem to bring it on. So that's probably what triggered it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Were you late on a long ride where you wherever you were going
Rhonda S: And now I was just out doing
Rhonda S: Things. So
Rhonda S: Bill was yesterday.
Rhonda S: That's I am guilty. Now the car, but
Rhonda S: I still when you go somewhere, I had to drive a ways to get there. No.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And then what about the arm.
Richelle Direny: You know, Did you do anything else besides like to do lift anything where you're doing anything that was would be considered to be pretty strenuous
Rhonda S: Now, now, I wasn't doing anything. I was just driving just shooting.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now what are some other things that you do to help to, um, to manage your pain outside of
Richelle Direny: Taking minutes for you to like our their exercises that they have given you to help or anything like that.
Rhonda S: Now they and gave me you know exercises. I mean, you can, but I need to talk to the doctor about their second about seeing if I could go in today and see the doctor.
Rhonda S: It saved your steps and they can do for okay it hurt so bad, is now and I can deal with it. I couldn't breathe. It was hurting so bad.
Rhonda S: It's hard to even take a breath. They are really bad, like that. And I think that's the worst it's ever bought
Richelle Direny: So yeah, you have to definitely talk to the doctor to see. But you said that you are going to take a try to get an appointment today.
Rhonda S: Yeah, shaggy intimate say I'm interested, she would talk to the doctor and see if I could get in today. And she would call me back and let me know.
Rhonda S: I called them before I stand down with you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: And how is it now that I mean I know, for the most part, you had went over to spend some time with your son is the dog still with your grandkids.
Rhonda S: Now, when I was with me.
Rhonda S: He's a slight breath now.
Richelle Direny: The dog to come back.
Yeah.
Rhonda S: They, they love him.
Rhonda S: He's TO GET DOWN BUT HE'S GETTING OUT AND I MEAN HE'LL BE 15 in July. So he's getting really oh
Richelle Direny: He's gonna be
Rhonda S: He's getting
Rhonda S: Yeah, he'll be 15 July 4
Richelle Direny: Your grandson or
Rhonda S: Now a dog.
Rhonda S: Now,
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Rhonda S: Yeah, now it's starting
Rhonda S: To level matter searching
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Well, I mean, hey you know he's he's he's lived his you know mock of things. So hey, sleeping snoring just chilling out all these all he needs to do right now.
Rhonda S: Yeah, he was say get it and Bart constantly. He didn't use the bar icon and now and now he just wants to bark, Bark bark. Yes. No. No one in it is you must be trying to tell me something I
Rhonda S: Don't know what I use.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, I don't really know anything about dogs, buddy. I would assume that either they're trying to alert you to something or something is going on with them.
Rhonda S: Yeah, yeah, there's something going on because he didn't never bark at all.
Rhonda S: He hardly ever day bark me he's when I leave in and I came back, Lori BARK BARK BARK I guess he's trying to first at me cuz I laughing
Rhonda S: side as well.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: A little bit upset with you for leaving in a period of time. Maybe that's what it is.
Rhonda S: Yes, it is.
Richelle Direny: So, so how is it
Richelle Direny: Since you've been back home. I know you had spent a little time with yourself. But how is it since you came back home.
Rhonda S: Anything good
Richelle Direny: Feeling have long
Rhonda S: Been been been really good. I mean, it's not felt that way or anything since that since then.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what about I know one of the things that we talked about was the fact that you had
Richelle Direny: Because of, you know, just missing your husband and, you know, thinking about him a lot. We're talks about the different things, the recommendations of the different things you can do to help you get through it. Do you find that since he had went over to your son. You don't feel
Richelle Direny: In undated with the memories and the thoughts of your husband, since you went over.
Rhonda S: Yeah, yeah. I still a lot better and better.
Richelle Direny: So a lot of it was really truly just missing just being home alone.
Rhonda S: Yeah yeah
Rhonda S: I think it was
Richelle Direny: So maybe you know what i would definitely
Richelle Direny: Would recommend that you do is look into maybe every now and again going over to your son and spending some time like having maybe a weekly visits or every other week you go for a visit.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And then I know it's a little bit harder because of the coronavirus and everything, but
Richelle Direny: You were the one that chose to come back home or
Rhonda S: It was me.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you didn't want to stay over there anymore.
Rhonda S: No, no.
Rhonda S: I didn't bother me, but
Rhonda S: Now, I just don't you when you leave the army, you missed it. I mean, Miss been humbled to
Richelle Direny: I know but you weren't there very long were you
Rhonda S: There week
Rhonda S: Awake
Richelle Direny: You were there for a week.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so he would have been open for you staying a little longer, but you didn't want to
Rhonda S: Yeah, I don't care. I mean time a lot
Rhonda S: Of he suggested
Rhonda S: The ages went back to work. And last week went back there and miss my appointment. Because of that, and
That's what
Richelle Direny: Foods right
Rhonda S: Yeah yeah so
Rhonda S: Then a hate it. No, I miss my poor man, and then he found out and he wasn't he was upset because he wants me to keep my apartment instead
Rhonda S: He wants me to make sure that I speak with you and everything and keep my appointments and
Richelle Direny: That's good. So you said that he checks in with you all the time, right.
Rhonda S: Yeah, yeah. Every day, every day.
Rhonda S: So,
Richelle Direny: Okay. Well, that's a good, that's a good thing to know that he checks in on you all the time. And I mean, you definitely have the support. It's just I think for you. It's just
Richelle Direny: Allowing You know there's the passing emotions that we talked about.
Richelle Direny: There is the
Richelle Direny: You know it's been a year just a year with your, your husband and then with the corona and just feeling somewhat isolated and not feeling very free to come and go as you would, please, with all the restrictions that are in
Class.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: I think a lot of it. It's coming up with a routine to be able to
Richelle Direny: Move about coming up with a routine that you know if you starting to feel maybe
Richelle Direny: Does your son have restrictions with you coming
Rhonda S: Now, now now.
Richelle Direny: So you know what I would suggest, then if he doesn't have any restrictions.
Richelle Direny: Maybe, making it a part of your routine weekly routine is going by visiting with the grandkids or visiting with him, whether it's a Friday or Saturday or Sunday.
Rhonda S: OK. OK.
Rhonda S: You think that. Yeah, no. Yeah, I think so. I think it will.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like your refresher, it gives you a boost.
Richelle Direny: It gives you a refresher, it gives you something to look forward to each week.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It gives the especially the grandkids. It gives them something forward to you put you in your dog pile up in the car and
Richelle Direny: You go visit
Richelle Direny: Um, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Like you when you ask them, Do you miss me or do you miss the dog and they said the Dog. So then package.
Rhonda S: Yeah, just
Richelle Direny: Because
Rhonda S: I knew they would say that
That's what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: We just say we come as a package.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: If you want to see the dog grandma before you say hi to dog, you have
Richelle Direny: A grandma.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Rhonda S: Yeah, I'm sure he's a big dog person.
Rhonda S: That can run intelligence around
Richelle Direny: Exactly.
Richelle Direny: Will be all about the dog.
Richelle Direny: But then, you know, it's, and I'm sure he has
Richelle Direny: To see them as well. But, you know, but for you. It's
Richelle Direny: What it's doing for you it's helping you not feeling like you're all alone that you're isolated it's helping you to feel, you know, it gives you some a whole open something to look forward to.
Rhonda S: Because after a while.
Richelle Direny: If you're sitting, even if you're an introvert and you like staying alone. After a while the wall start closing in on you and you're there all the time.
Richelle Direny: The last
Richelle Direny: One was will start closing in on you.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: And I understand that. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Um, have you, you remember we talked about. I know sometimes, like you say you will. You'll still cry when you think about
Richelle Direny: Your full have moments of crying.
Rhonda S: Yes yes a lot
Rhonda S: That you should do that and maybe make me feel better and actually does.
Richelle Direny: So what have you been doing
Rhonda S: And trying. Mm hmm. That helps a lot.
Rhonda S: Because you get stuck, it keeps everything out.
Richelle Direny: Gets it all out.
So the moment. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because you said you guys were together for a long time for a couple of decades. You were together, though it was rough.
Richelle Direny: There were some of them was really rough was really challenging, um,
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, it's time that you guys were together, up until him being sick and having to go through that whole process of him being sick and up until his passing
Richelle Direny: So before that moment for that passing moment for that passing emotion. It's just allowing um
Richelle Direny: It's just that just to be able to cry to release it it's it's a build up of pressure, if you will, is thinking about that emotion. It's like that. It's a building up of that pressure and it's just releasing
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: Thank you. I think it helps a lot and cry and I get a lot out
Richelle Direny: Gets a lot out it will look at the the
Richelle Direny: The crying spells that you have will eventually slow down a little bit, you'll find that you're not crying as much, you find that you're coping a little bit better. I'm thinking about just the happy memories.
Richelle Direny: And in finding fillers for your day for the days that the times where you feel most loneliness is finding fillers each day. Like I said one of them could be going and spending time with your, your son in the grandkids.
Richelle Direny: That's a sense of, you know, just feeling a purpose being fulfilled spending time with your grandkids and join those moments.
Richelle Direny: Of time with your son whenever he comes home from work or whatever it is. He shows that he still cares, because he calls to check on you all the time and he has like that open door policy for you to come, whenever
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's your, your son married
Rhonda S: Yes, he's married
Rhonda S: He's been married
Rhonda S: 10 years 18 years in June.
Rhonda S: I don't know why you haven't ever argue
Rhonda S: Yes, she's, she's very sweet. She's really she can be she's very good to me. I mean, she always has been.
Richelle Direny: I mean, the thing
Richelle Direny: think they've AREN'T YOU HAVEN'T YOU
Rhonda S: Yeah, they've just done it behind closed doors. I don't know nothing about it.
Rhonda S: Which is good. I guess that, you know, she said.
Rhonda S: Yes, very good person. She really is.
Rhonda S: As they were told they couldn't have a have a baby and I tell them that the doctor is not God. And they ended up pregnant, she's pregnant now and he's do in October. It's his birthday years and hits do on his birthday OCTOBER THE 14th so
Rhonda S: I told him that don't make
Richelle Direny: Them today.
Rhonda S: She could have it.
Rhonda S: Yeah, that that they adopted the two that they have. And so this will be the first one. The first biological child so
Richelle Direny: Oh, and I'm sure they're over the moon.
And I'm sure
Richelle Direny: That baby.
Richelle Direny: So it definitely is you something.
Richelle Direny: Forward to
Richelle Direny: Introduce your
Rhonda S: Your
Richelle Direny: Biological granddaughter. What is that they're having a girl or a boy.
Rhonda S: It's a boy.
Rhonda S: And he's taken a day.
Richelle Direny: Is going to be a boy. Oh.
Rhonda S: Wow. Yeah. I gotta have my
Rhonda S: Yeah, he he's typical death. I mean,
Rhonda S: They tell me what kids. He's severely diabetic.
Rhonda S: Has city severely diabetic so
Rhonda S: They told me to have father No kids or anything. So are you saying is row. Well, she told me she's pregnant, he said, is it man.
You
Richelle Direny: Just thought
Rhonda S: About that.
Rhonda S: Either yeah I was playing around with her, but she took it the wrong way. She got so mad.
Rhonda S: She sent a, you know, very
Richelle Direny: Good, thank you.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: Yeah, she just worried about losing the weight when she does have it so.
Rhonda S: And I terrorists. She says she says she will lose it.
Rhonda S: Says baby fat.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it sounds like. I mean, it's a lot, especially, but, you know, just looking at you know what's coming out of it. You have a new grandchild on the way spending more time with your family.
Richelle Direny: It's definitely still coming up with daily routines, you know, finding different things to do to help you, like, you know, like I said, if in the morning.
Richelle Direny: You get up in a few cry or you want to have coffee and speak to him or write them a letter. That's another thing that you could do write them a letter and
Richelle Direny: That also
Richelle Direny: With the grieving process right him right your husband and letter and, you know, if you like, I don't do you still go to the grief side.
Rhonda S: No, no, I haven't been in then go, wow.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Rhonda S: Hard
Richelle Direny: To hard to go to the grave site.
Rhonda S: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Do you since he passed. How many times have you gone just
Richelle Direny: Once just when that the funeral, and that's it.
One.
Rhonda S: More time. Yes, that's it.
Richelle Direny: But either way, you could arm.
Richelle Direny: You could write him a letter.
Richelle Direny: And
Rhonda S: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You know, allow that for you to get how you're feeling and put it on paper. And maybe you can try to write start writing the letter.
Richelle Direny: And maybe the next time that we meet you. We can see how far you got with the letter because that also helps you to take what's in your mind and in your heart and put paper and try to you know to to release it.
Richelle Direny: Then to keep it, you know.
Up.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Rhonda S: Yeah okay, I'll do though it may help them. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Try right now we're just making
Richelle Direny: Them differently. This is trying to see
Which
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Let's see.
Richelle Direny: Today is Tuesday, let's eat.
Richelle Direny: Let's meet on the 26th at 10 O'clock 10 o'clock, nine o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Rhonda S: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you have a birthday coming up next month.
Rhonda S: Yeah, yeah. I have one day change.
Rhonda S: Hmm. The 18th. I have a birthday. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You have any plans.
Rhonda S: No, I don't think so. I
Rhonda S: Really thought about it.
Rhonda S: Just getting older now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you're caught you're coming to the group on Wednesday that Wednesdays at noon. Right.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I have you down for the 26th at 10
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm
Richelle Direny: Meet you then. Okay. Whereas, I'm gonna I'm gonna make it short today and I'm gonna like I said just continue to implement what we talked about from previous sessions.
Richelle Direny: The next time we'll meet just start just start writing a letter to start to even if it's a little at a time each day.
Rhonda S: You start writing letters.
Richelle Direny: And, you know, try to see if you can come up with like a weekly payment plan.
Richelle Direny: They
Richelle Direny: will visit with your son and your grandkids. If it's whatever Dave fix a Friday or Sunday, maybe have Sunday dinner with them, whatever it is, all leading up to the birth of the your new grandchild that's coming
Rhonda S: Huh. Okay.
Richelle Direny: That what I think will be helpful because you're saying that after going and spending that week with him. You felt a whole lot better.
Richelle Direny: And I think taking you from that environment that you were in was helpful for you to put you in a different environment and just have a different atmosphere different vibe, but different or everything around you.
Richelle Direny: Yes, that was helpful. So I think if you implement that as a part of your weekly routine that will help a lot as well.
Rhonda S: Okay.
I'm crying.
Richelle Direny: Marine group at noon. Okay.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye.
Rhonda S: Bye bye.